wow if you're a lucky owner of a brand
new iphone 12
or you've just updated your operating
system to ios 14
don't be afraid of that creepy green or
orange
dot that pops up in the upper right
corner green dot shows you're using your
camera
and orange indicates you're using the
microphone
let's say you have tik-tok in the
background that might passively use both
camera and mic
these dots will show it it can help
control the battery life
to make your iphone louder go to
settings
music and find the equalizer it's called
eq in the menu
late night option will make your phone
about twenty percent louder than it used
to be
you can also create a unique vibration
for any of your contacts
go to settings sounds and open the
ringtone settings
you usually have the default vibration
but if you scroll down a bit
you're going to see the custom section
tap any rhythm you like and save it
you can set it for any of your contacts
if customized vibration isn't enough and
you still
miss your granny's calls try to
customize the flash
turn it on as an extra notification for
incoming calls
go to general settings choose the
accessibility section
and head to hearing turn on the led
flash for alerts
you're never going to miss that call
again
if you press the space button and start
sliding you'll have a cursor
it can be handy if you want to find a
typo or correct some word in the notes
or
whatever text you're dealing with now if
you typed a very
long message but it turns out you need
to get rid of it
you can literally shake it off just
shake the phone to undo the typing
whenever you need to choose more than
one icon tap and hold only one and
with the second finger add all the other
icons you need
this one's not going to work if you have
an iphone 6 or older
the newest iphones have a super
convenient feature that is helpful
when you need to go from one application
to another
look at that line at the bottom of the
screen slide left or
right and find the app you need no more
double tapping and notification center
if you like falling asleep to your
favorite music or to another youtube
video
just like i do go to clock tap the timer
and select when the time ends section
scroll down until you see stop playing
button
this feature shuts down all the media
apps such as music
any windows that plays sounds or video
and even the youtube app
pretty handy if you ever woke up at 3am
in the middle of some random video that
was autoplayed
yeah we're all used to messengers
but imessages are fun press the send
button to add different
wow effects to your message the bubble
section has four features
invisible ink makes it impossible to
read the message
unless you wipe it with a finger slide
the finger from right to left
and back to kind of clear it with a
gentle effect
the letters seem really tiny at the
start but then they grow
larger the loud effect vice versa makes
them pop at the start so they appear
way larger but the size goes back to
normal in a few seconds
the slam effect speaks for itself the
message
literally slams the screen tap the right
button called the screen
effects it's fun too for example it has
echo effects
so your friend's screen's going to be
overwhelmed with echoing texts
slide right for a lot more different
effects there's definitely one for
touching text you're about to send
the iphone font has different sizes as
well to make it bigger or smaller
go to the display and brightness section
in the setting
tap the text size and adjust it the way
you like
you can take a selfie not only with the
volume button on your phone
but simply by hitting that button on
your headphones
this hack is for iphone users but many
androids can use it too
mind that it usually works with original
headphones
iphones may not have the most durable
batteries
but they beat everyone when it comes to
photo quality
turn on the grid in the camera settings
go to general
choose camera to enable the grid it can
help you make better compositions in the
photo
if you like typing with one hand it's
probably high
time you set the right keyboard while
typing
hold the globe button three keyboards
will appear
the one on the left is used whenever you
type holding your phone in the left hand
the one in the middle is for both hands
and the one on the right
is for typing with the right hand only
if you like writing long romantic
letters in your notes
but don't want anyone to read them set a
pass to any of your notes
there are two ways to do that depending
on your iphone model
for iphone 6 you gotta slide from right
to left
and see three icons lock folder and
bin use the bin if the romantic letter
is bad
and the lock to protect it from peaky
eyes
set the pass but make sure you actually
remember it
you can't delete it if this didn't work
just tap
and hold the note itself and you'll see
the password bar in the drop down menu
set the pass and nobody's going to know
about the romantic letters to jane
you're writing at night
newest models of iphone support the
coolest feature ever
now you can make a screenshot of the
whole browser page in one
file to do this press the volume up
button
plus the power button
if you need to find some special word
combination while you're reading an
online article go to the search bar and
type the word you're interested in
you're going to see three sections
google search bookmarks and history
and on this page tap the last one
the word you need is going to be
highlighted in yellow plus
there will be a special navigation bar
on the bottom with the arrows up and
down to look for the keyword easily
don't forget to refresh your iphone's
ram every now and again
it can help your device work better and
faster to do that
you gotta drill down deep go to setting
general accessibility assistive touch
and turn it on
press plus then minus and then the power
button
you'll see the power off bar press the
assistive touch
and hold the home button the ramps
refresh now
if you see the enter pass notification
after you did it
it means you did it all right
assistive touch can also help you set
new functions to simple taps
go to settings general accessibility
and in the assistive touch section you
can change any
commands in the custom actions menu for
a double tap
i chose the screenshot since a
combination of home plus power button
seems a bit inconvenient
to make a screenshot tap the
accessibility menu circle twice
people with iphones don't need a
separate app for qr readers
since all the iphones have them built in
turn on the camera
and point it to the code you'll see the
pop-up window on the top of the screen
tap the window and you'll go straight to
whatever link the qr code had
if it doesn't work enable the scan qr
codes function
in the camera settings
you can actually set any song you like
for the alarm clock
go to the alarm and press edit in the
right upper corner
tap the time you want to change the
melody for in the sound section
choose pick a song and go for any song
added to your library
disclaimer your best love song will
probably turn into your worst enemy
after a couple of mornings you use it as
an alarm
one of the most hated problems of all
iphone users
is when you run out of memory even if
you delete the photos there's still not
enough space
go to settings iphone storage and make
sure that recently deleted photos
are actually deleted if not delete them
in the storage sections
note that your messages can contain
heavy files
so you can restrict how long the message
can be stored
in the message history tap the keep
messages button
it's forever by default but you can keep
them for one year
or even only 30 days if you deal with
many documents to be signed
this hack can help you sign them without
even printing and scanning
take a screenshot of the document you
want to sign
then tap the screenshot to make changes
tap the plus button in the right lower
corner
choose the signature button in the
toolbar and here we go
sign the document with your finger and
save the changes by pressing the button
marked
done and so are we